No way... Your own
brethren?!
H-He just ate him!
You monster!
It was Kinshiki's
wish to be of use
to me.
The transfer of
power...
... is simply the law
of our clan!
This playtime has
gone on too long.
So, then...
How about we just end
this right now...?
...all of you fools
who would dare to
defy a god!
[grunting]
[bellowing]
Ahhhh!
[straining]
[grunting]
He's fast! Ahh!
[gasping]
[grunting]
Hmph!
And now Sand--
[chuckling]
[struggling]
[grunting]
[coughing]
[gasping]
Lord Kazekage!
[screaming]
[yelling]
[fighting]
He knocked out all
the Kage instantly!
This is really bad!
And you're going to
be next, Fox...
[struggling]
[grunting]
Boruto...
Found you!
Huh??
[grunting]
Oh?
Heh!
Chakra Points?!
That's not all!
Huh?!
[straining]
[chuckling]
Ah!
[grunting]
[yelling]
Dad...!
[grunting]
Okay, I see what's
up...
So you're a
completely different
beast than a moment ago.
Or... Maybe instead
of that...
... he's just a
monster through
and through.
Oh, come on... Like
you're not just as
much of a monster?
Dad...
Dad, no!
Finally, this is
actually getting fun!
Let's teach him
a lesson, Sasuke.
Yeah!
Bring it!
Huh!
[grunting]
How dare you!
[yelling]
Hyah!
[snarling]
Go, Naruto!
Yeah!
[growling]
[grunting]
[roaring]
[exhaling]
[gasping]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[snarling]
Heh.
What?!
[struggling]
[yelling]
[grunting]
Ah!
Planetary
Devastation!
[straining]
Uh!
[gasping]
Inukai Takeruno
Mikoto!
[yelling]
[roaring]
[grunting]
Uh!
Sasuke!
Die!
[weakly groaning]
[roaring]
Hey, are you doing
okay, Sasuke?!
Yeah, thanks, I'm
doing just fine.
There you are...
... the Nine-Tailed
Fox demon.
His power... shall be
mine!
No way! I won't let
you!
[roaring]
[growling]
[grunting]
I'll lend you the
Susanoo's power. Do it!
I get it! Good idea.
Heh!
[growling]
You vulgar
creatures!
[yelling]
Amazing!
Hey, Hokage.
You get him?
No.
It isn't over yet.
Uh! He just won't
give up.
Let's finish him with
a flashy jutsu and
end this!
Please don't suggest
something as reckless
as that!
If he absorbs it,
we'll find ourselves
right back at square one.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, at least it
looks like everyone's
okay.
[chuckling]
[sighing]
Uh?
Huh?
[growling]
All right! Somehow,
we made it in time!
Katasuke! But how did
they get here...?!
They must've snuck
through right after
us!
[stumbling]
Make sure that you
get the power of this
Scientific Ninja
Tool on camera!
Right!
And now I'll use
this... and I'll
finish you off!
You fool! Don't!
Old Man Katasuke!
Don't use that!
Take this!
[gasping]
Ah!
Damn it, that's just
great. Now you've
done it, you idiot.
[yelling]
So did he, uh, absorb
that chakra just
now...?
[groaning]
[chuckling]
I see...
It appears that
device is just like
our pills.
Of course it's crude
and inferior.
All the same,... I
owe my thanks to all
you fools!
[yelling]
[laughing]
Ha!
[grunting]
This is Shikamaru's
Shadow Paralysis!
Isn't this that Nara
Clan jutsu?! I can't
move!
[grunting]
Naruto!
This is bad!
[grunting]
I'll have you know
I'm putting extra
effort into all of you.
Damn it. This is not
looking good...
Yes, that's right.
You understand. And
now you will die!
[trembling and crying]
No...
What do I do?!
Boruto.
What's your Ninja
Way?
Ninja Way...?
I never really gave
it much thought. It's
old-fashioned...
And I figured it just
depends on how you're
feeling...
I see.
You may very well be
right about that. It
is old-fashioned.
But still... during
this battle and
during other battles
to come...
... you'll be
confronted with it
over and over.
Uh--
I don't really get
what you're talking
about.
You'll know when the
time comes. You'll
need to do it,
Boruto.
I'm telling you that
you're capable. Trust
in my words.
I can't wimp out now!
I gotta trust my
teacher!
Sasuke...
... the one
who believed...
... in me!!
Do it, Boruto!
Huh?!
Hmmm?
I gotta do this!
The Rasengan?!
But when did he learn
that?!
Go!
Heh. You know, you
really should have just
stayed hidden.
[gasping]
Wait, what? Isn't it
going to reach?
Mm!
Your attack's nothing
but a joke.
I mean it didn't
even come close.
Well, don't worry...
All of you are going
to the same place- AH!
[grunting]
The Shadow
Paralysis is...
...undone!
Dad!
Boruto! When did you
ever learn to do
that?!
I told him I'd only
make him my student
if he mastered the
Rasengan. To my
surprise...
...he managed to do
just that in only a
few days' time.
He used his forte,
Lightning Style, and
unconsciously changed
its Chakra Nature,
creating a new jutsu.
I call it a Vanishing
Rasengan.
[gasping]
No way! A Vanishing
Rasengan? What a
jutsu!
I did that?! Really,
Sasuke?!
[chuckling]
Why, you cheeky
little kid!
I don't really even
know how I do it. I
just make this kind!
Well, anyway, the
results were great.
Nice, Boruto.
You did good.
[grunting]
What was that?!
It still won't save
you!
[grunting]
Momoshiki Otsutsuki...
At first glance, you
appear invincible...
... but even you
can't absorb chakra
you can't see.
[panting] Don't
misunderstand, you
piece of garbage!
Who cares, even if I
can't see it?!
As long as I have
these, I'll triumph!
[gobbling]
[yelling]
He had even more of
those pills hidden
away!
That little... he's
preparing his final
strike.
Boruto, Do it again.
Uh. But, Dad... I'm
not strong enough
to...
It's okay. You
got this.
Mm.
[growling]
It's so heavy! So,
this is Dad's... All
this weight.
What he went
through... to get
to this point...
Hm!
I'm not losing today!
Hmph! I see it!
You won't hit me
again!
You probably know,
but...
We've only got one
chance.
Let's go!
All right!
[roaring]
Huh!
Such transparent
moves!
Huh!
Heh!
[grunting]
Why you--!
[yelling]
The rest is up to you
now...
...Boruto!
[grunting]
Uh!
Such impudence! Well,
it's too bad for you
now!
Guess we'll just see
about that!
[grunting]
[snarling]
[yelling]
You the real one?
Ah!
[snarling]
Hey!
I'm right here!
Go... Boruto.
Rasengan!
Heh. That was
actually pretty
close. But I'm not
going to let you land
a hit on me again!
I'm not done!
[yelling]
[bracing]
[cowering]
This is nothing to
me! You fool! I'm
Momoshiki Otsutsuki!
[yelling]
No! I can't be
defeated like this!
[yelling]
Can you sense my
presence... human
child?
What the-?
Now I see... It appears
that you have strongly
inherited
the powers of the
Otsutsuki...
But you're still
inexperienced.
You aren't able to
use it to see ahead
into your own destiny.
What's your
deal?! [gasping]
But I... can see your
destiny quite well...
[lightly gasping]
Heed this warning...
Beware, for those
blue eyes shall
eventually...
... take everything
from you!
And know this
as well...
That those who defeat
the gods...
...cannot remain
ordinary individuals
any longer.
Just what the hell
are you talking
about?!
And reflect well...
...upon thy fate as
you walk it...
...human child.
[grunting]
So did Boruto--?
All right! He
actually did it!
[chuckling]
Magnificent.
[gasping]
[panicking]
What?!
Did I do all of this?
Well, actually, it
was Boruto and the
enemy guy who called
himself Momoshiki.
Ah, yes, of course. I
see. But, uh, why did
I do all that stuff?
[grunting]
Ow! Huh?
Hey, wait...
Did I do it?!
Mm.
It ended up just like
I told you before.
Uh?
The soul of a shinobi
never changes.
Even if the times do.
You're right.
He really is just
like you.
[chuckling] Yeah,
ya think?!
[chuckling] Well, I told
you, right? Ya loser.
Uh--[laughing]
You're a total
mess.
Look who's talking.
Don't lump me in
with you.
At least I'm still able
to stand up, right?
[chuckling]
I'd say that I won
this contest.
Heh. Seems so...
Well... adding up all
of our matches so
far, I'd say that
we're just about even
right now.
Human child, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm the son of
Naruto Uzumaki...
...Boruto Uzumaki!
You really are pretty
amazing.
You are the Seventh
Hokage's son and the
Fourth's grandson...
Hey, Boruto...
You wanna be
Hokage...
... don't you?
To me, being Hokage
is only one path.
Just 'cause my
grandpa and dad were
Hokage, that doesn't
mean I have to walk
the same one.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
"My Story!"
I've got my own
Ninja Way!